# Changelog
## Latest tag: Version_8003524
## Previous tag: Version_7092916
* fix: sending event from neighboorhood (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* chore: revert - changes_not_sent_for_review: "true" in yaml (2023-01-19) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: add - changes_not_sent_for_review: "true" in yaml (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5548:fix : change a little code (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5548 fix wording cpgu (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5548:fix : add some margin on CGU text and change wording (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5548 : add cgp policy on login and subscribe (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5543 : chore : improve code to crop picture (2023-01-19) by <Clément Perrousset>
* chore:adding trycatch on choosephotofragment (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN_5543:fix : ChoosePhotoModalFragment invert photo (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* chore : suppress Logs (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5468 : chore: improving code for custompopup (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5468 fix:popupwelcome (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5468:fix: popup welcome group (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5468:fix: popup welcome group change (2023-01-18) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN_5468 : feature : PopUp joining group (2023-01-17) by <Clément Perrousset>
* fix: better handling of concurrent home summary requests (2023-01-17) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: ask Notifications Permissions for ANdroid 13+ (2023-01-17) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* EN-5454: fix: report title comment vs report title event (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5454 : fix wording to report comment (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5454 : fix: event comment report work again (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5454 : fix:report event, group , chatgroup , chatevent (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5527 : change wording home need help (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5454 : feature:report (2023-01-16) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN_5458: fix: Placeholder if not member (2023-01-13) by <Clément Perrousset>
* Fix Push notifs param name id -> iinstance_id (2023-01-13) by <NotMe>
* EN_5458 : fix android Notif (2023-01-13) by <Clément Perrousset>
* [EN-5512] Show start page when update from V7 (2023-01-13) by <NotMe>
* EN-5489 (2023-01-13) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5458 (2023-01-13) by <Clément Perrousset>
* distance, cropview, popagenda (2023-01-13) by <Clément Perrousset>
* [EN-5447] Fix action detail Title position (2023-01-12) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5367] Open weblink inside app from messaging + comment Post (event+group) (2023-01-12) by <NotMe>
* fix: EN-5008 : enlever bouton participer + calcul sur le jour. (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* chore : remove DS Store (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* Commit juste pour checkout (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* "SUPPREssion commentaire" (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5495, EN-5489, EN-5474, EN-5470, EN-5444 (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* EN-5495 , EN-5474 , EN-5470, EN-5444 (2023-01-11) by <Clément Perrousset>
* [EN-5456] Fix ui (2023-01-11) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5292] Fix wording select interests group/action (2023-01-11) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5456] Add post message info inside post comment event/group (2023-01-11) by <NotMe>
* fix: EN-5427 fix small crash (2023-01-11) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: force imported profile photo to be jpeg (2023-01-11) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: add missing permissions for notifications (2023-01-11) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* [EN-5450] Remove title (2023-01-10) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5450] mod wording (2023-01-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5295] Fix UI (2023-01-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5046] add missing address detail group (2023-01-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5049] Fix date event list (2023-01-09) by <NotMe>
* fix: EN-5429 fix crash in creating event (2023-01-06) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* [EN-5004] Add roles/asso for users in lists (2023-01-06) by <NotMe>
* fix: force git_clone step in bitrise to v6 (V7 is not compatible with version number) (2023-01-05) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: for Android before 8, menu selected background color is set back to white (2023-01-05) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: EN-5496 crash in events ofr Android<8 (2023-01-05) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: remove unnecessary fragment (2023-01-05) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* [EN-5403] Fix show group image inside detail page (2023-01-05) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5443] add change pwd option inside settings (2023-01-04) by <NotMe>
* chore: cleaning api models (2022-12-30) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: cleaning api models (2022-12-30) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: cleaning API objects (2022-12-30) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: removing old bus (otto) and events (2022-12-29) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: EN-5441 disable zoom on detail map fro action/contrib (2022-12-28) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: removing new_v8 suffix for classes (2022-12-28) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: removing old V7 files (2022-12-26) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: optimizing imports (2022-12-23) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: removing old V7 files (2022-12-23) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: chnage order of button for forget password dialog (2022-12-22) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-22) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-22) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-21) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-19) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-19) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* fix: reformatting modal dialogs to have principal action on right button (2022-12-19) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: move old files to directory old_v7 (2022-12-19) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: add long press to copy Fiid to clipboard (2022-12-17) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* chore: add long press to copy Fiid to clipboard (2022-12-17) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* feat: add long press on phone number to access a wrong-designed screen for changing password (2022-12-17) by <Francçois Pellissier>
* feat: redesign error messages in Login screens (2022-12-16) by <François Pellissier>
* feat: add a confirmation dialog before asking for a new code (2022-12-16) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: [En-5378] better handling of close button (2022-12-16) by <François Pellissier>
* feat: add a confirmation dialog before asking for a new code (2022-12-16) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: renaming V7 utils to utilsV7 (2022-12-16) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: [En-5378] better handling of close button (2022-12-15) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: [EN-5378] better handling of back and close buttons (2022-12-15) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: [En-5378] better handling of close button (2022-12-14) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: remove false errors sent to crashlytics (2022-12-13) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: update libraries (2022-12-13) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: [En-5378] better handling of back button in PedagoList screen (2022-12-13) by <François Pellissier>
* [EN-5028] Add analytics (2022-12-09) by <NotMe>
* wording (2022-12-09) by <NotMe>
* Change show dot bell notification inside list notifs (2022-12-09) by <NotMe>
* Fix notifs selectors behavior (2022-12-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5352] fix max lines headers detail event/group (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5377] add suggest button inside settings (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5363] change tab event/group order + wording (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5361] fix (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5249] fix onboarding (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5248] fix onboarding (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5361] update home (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5361] update home (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5361] update home (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5359] fix buttons style (2022-12-08) by <NotMe>
* fix: change permissions for Android 13 on read_storage [EN-5379] (2022-12-08) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: change permissions for ANdroid 13 on read_storage (2022-12-07) by <François Pellissier>
* Add show 1 to 1 conversation from action detail **** (2022-12-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5381] wording (2022-12-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5023] fix wording (2022-12-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5249]  update Ws with consent bool (2022-12-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5249] New onboarding (2022-12-07) by <NotMe>
* chore: fix simplified logout (2022-12-05) by <François Pellissier>
* [EN-5359] update logins page (2022-12-05) by <NotMe>
* Fix crash context null (2022-12-01) by <NotMe>
* fix: fix logout from Profile activity (2022-12-01) by <François Pellissier>
* [EN-5345] Fix placeholder user list demand image (2022-12-01) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5249] Onboarding Start -> Carousel (2022-11-29) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5023] Add block / unblock user from messages + settings (2022-11-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5077] fix ui messages list (2022-11-28) by <NotMe>
* chore: simplifying logout (2022-11-27) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: add token to api request used in Profile screen (2022-11-27) by <François Pellissier>
* Fix home notifs bell count + fix tabbar icon (2022-11-25) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5081] fix UI (2022-11-25) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5080] fix UI (2022-11-25) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5077] Fix list discussions (2022-11-25) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5079][EN-5078] Fixs (2022-11-25) by <NotMe>
* Fix scroll to bottom detail messages (2022-11-24) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5318] Change pictos tab + color -> Grey (2022-11-24) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5013] Notifications in app (2022-11-23) by <NotMe>
* Fix button validate visibility inside photo selector bottom sheet (2022-11-23) by <NotMe>
* fix: remove use of Ad Ids for Android 13 (2022-11-23) by <François Pellissier>
* [EN-5199][EN-5200] Fix top bottom sheet margin (2022-11-22) by <NotMe>
* Fix Change headers color (2022-11-22) by <NotMe>
* Change headers color (2022-11-21) by <NotMe>
* Add discussions epic (2022-11-18) by <NotMe>
* Add loading unread count + show hide badge on bottombar (2022-11-16) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5239] fix wording (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5239] fix wording (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5060] fix margin (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5058] Fixs action create (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5199] Fixs events (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5198] iterate groups (2022-11-14) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5257] Fix links reco in app (2022-11-10) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5199] [EN-5200] [EN-5198] Fix events/profile/neighborhoods (2022-11-10) by <NotMe>
* forgotten Lottie gradle (2022-11-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5016] Homepage add pop to congrat user if actions validated (2022-11-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5197] Fix + mod home (2022-11-09) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5239] fix apostrophe escaping (2022-11-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5239] update wordings (2022-11-07) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5230] edit action contrib/demand (2022-11-07) by <NotMe>
* Fix crash / block when edit user photo and want to go back ! (2022-11-04) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5056] Add cancel action (2022-11-04) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5058[[EN-5059] Add create demand/contrib (2022-11-04) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5065] remove zoom map animation (2022-11-03) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5061] remove picto heart (2022-11-02) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5065] reverse add zoom + move google map (2022-11-02) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5194] Fix "crash" return to start onboarding (2022-11-02) by <NotMe>
* Fix placeholder user new version (2022-10-31) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5057] Fix home UI (2022-10-31) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5065] Fixs detail action (2022-10-31) by <NotMe>
* Remove post set read pedagogical (2022-10-26) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5065] detail action (2022-10-26) by <NotMe>
* Change title tab messages -> Discussions (2022-10-26) by <NotMe>
* Fix google place / gps address name (2022-10-26) by <NotMe>
* Oups (2022-10-25) by <NotMe>
* Actions -> Home lists demand/contrib / my list / filters (2022-10-25) by <NotMe>
* Add metadatas sections + mod models for "help" (2022-10-21) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5128] fix multiples post when upload image. + title visible/gone Fix (2022-09-30) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5128][EN-5126] fix picture visibility + illu (2022-09-30) by <NotMe>
* Remove button test (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5118] Fix update event lists ..... (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5116] Fix error "Me" user identification (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* Fix notification push description wording (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* Oups ! (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* Fix Push notification launch + actions (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* Rename "legacy" mainactivity to mainacctivity_V7 (2022-09-29) by <NotMe>
* Fix geocoding address event filter (adding short address city + cp) (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* Fix filter button width event discover (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5088] hide notif from settings user/event/neighborhood (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5092] fix Feed group/event user picture if empty (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5018] hide number for "charte" detail (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5053] fix event filters wording + ui (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* [EN-4571] try fix crash when show user info (user image url) (2022-09-28) by <NotMe>
* Add + fixs (2022-09-27) by <NotMe>
* Creating event : Fixs (2022-09-23) by <NotMe>
* Change placeholder pedagogic + bg color (2022-09-23) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5053] add filters for events discovery tab (2022-09-23) by <NotMe>
* [EN-5018] add rules events / groups + actions (2022-09-21) by <NotMe>
* [EN-4571] Homepage (2022-09-20) by <NotMe>
* Add userprofile detail error placeholder (2022-09-20) by <NotMe>
* [EN-4571] add moderator from WS + show user (2022-09-20) by <NotMe>
* fix: make geoloc work again on user action zone (WIP) (2022-09-20) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: update libraries (2022-09-20) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: add some deprecated annotations (2022-09-20) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: make geoloc work again on user profile (2022-09-20) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: make geoloc work again onuser profile (2022-09-20) by <François Pellissier>
* [EN-5071] Fix crash lateinit (2022-09-19) by <NotMe>
* [EN_5054] Add show profil user from image + name (2022-09-19) by <Jr>
* chore: clean up old fonts (2022-09-16) by <François Pellissier>
* Remove unused logs (2022-09-15) by <smerchermek>
* Automatic scroll in comments list (2022-09-15) by <smerchermek>
* Merge branch 'Feature/FixUISettings' of /Users/salim/Documents/Neoxia Projects/entourage-android with conflicts. (2022-09-15) by <smerchermek>
* Remove val (2022-09-15) by <smerchermek>
* state create event button (2022-09-15) by <smerchermek>
* Fix toolbar image size (2022-09-14) by <smerchermek>
* Fix image size in group feed && fix paddings in home screen && add small image in header of feed (2022-09-14) by <smerchermek>
* Refacto of code, and review pr (2022-09-14) by <smerchermek>
* Edit pop up when editing recurrent event && set default value of recurrence when modifying the recurrence of an event (2022-09-13) by <smerchermek>
* Rework start and end times for creating an event to handle errors (2022-09-13) by <smerchermek>
* fix add post in event feed is duplication (2022-09-09) by <smerchermek>
* Fix next button state in the creation of event && add event to group (2022-09-08) by <smerchermek>
* review PR (2022-09-08) by <smerchermek>
* handle edit events (2022-09-06) by <smerchermek>
* Reverse comments order, WIP : scroll to bottom of list (2022-08-24) by <smerchermek>
* Rename object posts wrapper (2022-08-22) by <smerchermek>
* Rename postWrapper to postListWrapper (2022-08-22) by <smerchermek>
* use bundles to transfer data from fragment to activity (2022-08-22) by <smerchermek>
* Add post to event (2022-08-22) by <smerchermek>
* Refactor code of post comments, and implement post comments for events (2022-08-22) by <smerchermek>
* Use when branches to initialize posts list instead of if else (2022-08-19) by <smerchermek>
* Feature/EN-434: Add feed posts list to event (2022-08-19) by <smerchermek>
* Remove unused imports (2022-08-18) by <smerchermek>
* Remove unused extension && use With fo find view in utils (2022-08-18) by <smerchermek>
* Change pictos colors when event was canceled (2022-08-17) by <smerchermek>
* Feature/EN-267 : Modify pictos in profile page && change counters (2022-08-17) by <smerchermek>
* Inverse order of comments (2022-08-17) by <smerchermek>
* Feature/EN-339 : Add floating button to participate to an event when scrolling (2022-08-17) by <smerchermek>
* Feature/EN-338 : Add cancel of event, and add UI for canceled event (2022-08-17) by <smerchermek>
* Use plural to get number of participants (2022-08-16) by <smerchermek>
* remove useless imports (2022-08-16) by <smerchermek>
* Merge refresh controllers of groups and event (2022-08-16) by <smerchermek>
* Use with keyword and set web picto when event in online in about fragment (2022-08-16) by <smerchermek>
* Fix create event back button and center text in home page card (2022-08-16) by <smerchermek>
* fix create event, remove 0 when no recurrence (2022-08-12) by <smerchermek>
* Add participant word in group event list details && Add button to create event from group eent list (2022-08-12) by <smerchermek>
* Add pop up to add event to calendar && add pop up of limit places (2022-08-12) by <smerchermek>
* Use extension to build eventUiModel, refacto code (2022-08-11) by <smerchermek>
* Add map in about fragment (2022-08-10) by <smerchermek>
* About groups: Add Group list, handle join button, add recurrence && event information, WIP : Add map in About fragment (2022-08-10) by <smerchermek>
* Remove duplicated from event model (2022-08-09) by <smerchermek>
* Add google maps url in strings file (2022-08-09) by <smerchermek>
* Optimize imports (2022-08-09) by <smerchermek>
* Rename SettingUiModel file and add with binding in Fragment file (2022-08-09) by <smerchermek>
* Add feed event, and list of members (2022-08-09) by <smerchermek>
* Add groups recycler view (2022-08-08) by <smerchermek>
* Handle creatioin of event from group fragment && remove useless layouts (2022-08-07) by <smerchermek>
* Create about page of event, WIP (2022-08-05) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add event params bottom sheet and add report event (2022-08-05) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Fix image display in group event list (2022-08-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add API call to create event (2022-08-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Keep filter active when switching page in pedagogical list (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add on event click redirection in home page (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Fix condition to show text view of url (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Rename const EVENTS_PER_PAGE variable (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Refacto code of list of events (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content of develop (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Remove unused layout && add a list of fragment in view pager adapter (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Mark pedagogical content as read when user opens it, add shadow to image in home page, handle back button in pedagogiaal cnotent details page (2022-08-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Redirect to discover groups page from home page (2022-08-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle page view select the right page from home (2022-08-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature EN-270 : Create event step four and five WIP : Link with API calls (2022-08-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature : ENT-307 314 Add list of my events and all events discover (2022-07-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Delet unused imports (2022-07-26) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge branch 'Feature/CreateEventStepTwoThree' of /Users/salim/Documents/Neoxia Projects/entourage-android with conflicts. (2022-07-26) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature: EN-268 Add Create event step one, handle errors in creation (2022-07-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature: EN-225 Add pull to refresh in group list (2022-07-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature : EN-305 Get Group events data from the back Format events by month (2022-07-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feature : EN-305 Add List events for groups (2022-07-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Reorder sections in home page, add solidarity places to home page, add click on counters in home page (2022-07-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Pedagogical content details page && Create a new activity for pedadogical content list (2022-07-19) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR, modify if when setting graph navigation in profile activity (2022-07-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add button to pedagogical content in home page (2022-07-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Change wording in comments activity (2022-07-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add actions in home page, and method for navigation (2022-07-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* fix: typo in event french word (#96) (2022-07-01) by <GitHub>
* Fix bug, hide new posts list in feed when the user has seen all posts (2022-06-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create recommendations items list, and WIP : simple navigation for recommendations (2022-06-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Disable geolocation button in the creation of a new group (2022-06-27) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Load images in pedago content list items (2022-06-24) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Initialize interestes and group images in main activity (2022-06-24) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Rework post image to optimise the call to post in group feeds (2022-06-24) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-23) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Rework shadows in home page (2022-06-23) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Push notification (2022-06-22) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content (2022-06-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Link onboarding and authentication with new application v8 (2022-06-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Display adress in group creation (2022-06-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add right shadow (2022-06-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add shadow to home cards (2022-06-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add choose location to create a group, WIP : Display the address choosen (2022-06-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add shadows (2022-06-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Placeholders (2022-06-17) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content (2022-06-17) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Fix report groups, posts and comments (2022-06-17) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Null check safety for all images (2022-06-16) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add list of pedagogical resources && Add filters && WIP : Add rounded shadow in bottom of item (2022-06-16) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* PR FIXES (2022-06-16) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* small fix (2022-06-15) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* add handle report group button for analytics (2022-06-15) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* Review comment (2022-06-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* add new events (2022-06-14) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* Add pedago item && pedago activity (2022-06-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* last fix PR (2022-06-14) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* Add report group && post && comment WIP : Comment item layout && API 400 error (2022-06-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* fix design (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* fix PR (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* unused var (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* small changes (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* fix PR (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* first part (2022-06-13) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* fix (2022-06-10) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* Add refresh controller to refresh list of groups (2022-06-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Section 1 & 2 of the Home Page (2022-06-09) by <kevin-trancoso5>
* Sprint review (2022-06-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle pub lication from create group (2022-06-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Sprint 6 review (2022-06-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-08) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* automatically open keyboard and add condition to comment a post (2022-06-07) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Group members as full screen (2022-06-07) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Write new comment && retry send comment in post (2022-06-07) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* [EN-4781] fix date separator visibility -> messages (2022-06-03) by <Jr>
* rework old and new publications (2022-06-02) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-06-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* get && display post comments (2022-06-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review sprint (2022-05-31) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content (2022-05-31) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Optimize calls (2022-05-31) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle Image post (2022-05-31) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Finalize group feed (2022-05-30) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add post text (2022-05-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add text post (2022-05-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add posts (2022-05-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add posts (2022-05-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR, WIP : Permissions system (2022-05-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add about group, settings (2022-05-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* add post && FAB (2022-05-24) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add post UI (2022-05-23) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-05-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add post UI (2022-05-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Fix members bottom sheet height (2022-05-19) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* review PR and delete Tmp file (2022-05-19) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add feed header animation (2022-05-19) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: update core libraries (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4696 fix crash when cannot save photo (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4825 fix crash when no photo (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4797 fix crash when nodata (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4802 fix crash in getting profile photo in Onboarding (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4680 crash in MyMessages when no messages (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: upgrade facebook library with token (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* Revert "feature: removing Facebook SDK [EN-4673]" (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4696 fix crash when cannot save photo (2022-05-18) by <François Pellissier>
* Show group members list, WIP : Fix BottomSheet height to 80% of screen (2022-05-18) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Rename classes (2022-05-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add group settlement (2022-05-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add bottom sheet settings (2022-05-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge branch 'Feature/GroupSettings' of /Users/salim/Documents/Neoxia Projects/entourage-android with conflicts. (2022-05-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-05-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Feed header (2022-05-12) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* fix: EN-4825 fix crash when no photo (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4797 fix crash when nodata (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4802 fix crash in getting profile photo in Onboarding (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: EN-4680 crash in MyMessages when no messages (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: upgrade facebook library with token (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* Revert "feature: removing Facebook SDK [EN-4673]" (2022-05-12) by <François Pellissier>
* Merge branch 'Feature/GroupFeed' of /Users/salim/Documents/Neoxia Projects/entourage-android with conflicts. (2022-05-11) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content (2022-05-11) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-05-11) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add admin mention to group list (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle search button (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Edit profile button to home page (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle search in groups list (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* add my groups tab (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle back button in profile (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add empty state group list (2022-05-10) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Empty state group list (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review Sprint 4 (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review Sprint 4 (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* review PR (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review UI (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add progress bar in groups list fragment (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Change animation duration of search bar (2022-05-09) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review UI in group create (2022-05-07) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Merge content (2022-05-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* animation header done (2022-05-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add interests in list of groups && add search UI (2022-05-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Edit profile activity to groups tabs (2022-05-05) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Implement groups list list && tab bar for groups && create new groupe fab (2022-04-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* reorganize group package (2022-04-29) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* review UI bugs (2022-04-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handle save button state (2022-04-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* implement edit groupe (2022-04-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add bottom navigation bar (2022-04-26) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add nested navigation (2022-04-26) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add selected image borders (2022-04-26) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create Group add API call (2022-04-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create groupe step three without API call (2022-04-25) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create Step 3 of group (2022-04-24) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create step 3 page (2022-04-21) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add step 2 of creation of group (2022-04-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: cleaning some bus events (2022-04-18) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: remove bus for Poi (2022-04-16) by <François Pellissier>
* fix: restore authentication info at startup (2022-04-15) by <François Pellissier>
* fix tab layout click effect, scroll in interests fragment with button sticky (2022-04-15) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* fix: reformat birthday date (2022-04-15) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing Dagger totally (2022-04-15) by <François Pellissier>
* Merge content (2022-04-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* UI fixes && Add animation to fragments (2022-04-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Center text about (2022-04-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Test Page for user profile (2022-04-13) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Donation && Volunteers needs in partent UI (2022-04-12) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Handel error messages in edit profile (2022-04-12) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-12) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Transform help fragment to bottom sheet fragment (2022-04-12) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: removing remaining Dagger @inject (2022-04-12) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing remaining Dagger @inject (2022-04-12) by <François Pellissier>
* Update UI for my profile (2022-04-11) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: removing Dagger from UserEdit classes (2022-04-11) by <François Pellissier>
* implementing Create group step 1 UI (2022-04-11) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: removing Dagger from UserEdit classes (2022-04-11) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing Dagger from Newsfeed classes (2022-04-10) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing Dagger from CreateEntourage classes (2022-04-09) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing Dagger from Guide classes (2022-04-09) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: removing Dagger from HomeExpert classes (2022-04-09) by <François Pellissier>
* feature: removing all tour references (2022-04-09) by <François Pellissier>
* feature: removing all tour functions (2022-04-08) by <François Pellissier>
* Review PR (2022-04-08) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Create groupe using ViewPager, and create step 1 (2022-04-08) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: add bitrise trigger to build v8 (2022-04-06) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: add bitrise trigger to build v8 (2022-04-06) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: add bitrise trigger to build v8 (2022-04-06) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: add bitrise trigger to build v8 (2022-04-06) by <François Pellissier>
* chore: bump to version 8.0 (2022-04-06) by <François Pellissier>
* Remove unnecessary onclick listener (2022-04-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* add report user in bottom sheet dialog fragment (2022-04-06) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* chore: updating libraries (2022-04-05) by <François Pellissier>
* Merge develop (2022-04-05) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add on partner click to open partner details (2022-04-05) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add page 2 (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add User report UI (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add ambassador and partnet in profile (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* PR Review (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add subscribe/unsubscribe (2022-04-04) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add user profile, WIP : Report user (2022-04-03) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Association profile, WIP : Subscribe (2022-04-03) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Edit interests implemented (2022-04-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* add Empty Presenter (2022-04-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* change organization to partner for association in myProfile (2022-04-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Association profile UI (2022-04-01) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add Edit profile && avatar && Location (2022-03-31) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* WIP : Add Edit Profile Picture, Add user information in profile (2022-03-30) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Remove appv2 (2022-03-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Remove appv2 (2022-03-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Move app_v8 file to app (2022-03-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Rename all file, add prefix to xml resources (2022-03-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-03-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Modify my profile UI (2022-03-27) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-03-22) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Fix navigation for profile (2022-03-20) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add settings profile && about and help sections && signout (2022-03-18) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-03-16) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Add My Profile Page (2022-03-14) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Review PR (2022-03-03) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* Remove logs (2022-03-03) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* update deprecated permissions system  && startActivityForResult && api client && deprecated fragments (2022-03-03) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* init new module && create develop v2 branch (2022-02-28) by <Salim MERCHERMEK>
* [EN-4689] add bubble info unread messages group/private -> messages tab (2022-02-24) by <Jr>
